
Snap Inc. is a technology company. We believe the camera presents the greatest opportunity to improve the way people live and communicate. We contribute to human progress by empowering people to express themselves, live in the moment, learn about the world, and have fun together.
Our flagship product, Snapchat, is a visual messaging application that enhances your relationships with friends, family, and the world. Visual messaging is a fast, fun way to communicate with friends and family using augmented reality, video, voice, messaging, and creative tools. Snaps are deleted by default to mimic real-life conversations, so there is less pressure to look popular or perfect when creating and sending images on Snapchat. By reducing the friction typically associated with creating and sharing content, Snapchat has become one of the most used cameras in the world.
The camera is a powerful tool for communication and the entry point for augmented reality experiences. By opening directly to the camera, Snapchat empowers our community to express themselves instantly and offers millions of augmented reality Lenses for self expression, learning, and play. In the way that the flashing cursor became the starting point for most products on desktop computers, we believe the camera screen will be the starting point for most products on smartphones. This is because images created by smartphone cameras contain more context and richer information than other forms of input like text entered on a keyboard. Given the magnitude of this opportunity, we are investing and innovating to continue to deliver products and services that are differentiated and that are better able to reflect and improve our life experiences.
Snapchat
Snapchat is our core mobile device application and contains five distinct tabs, complemented by additional tools that function outside of the application. With a breadth of visual messaging and content experiences available within the application, Snapchatters can interact with any or all of the five tabs.
Camera: The Camera is a powerful tool for communication and the entry point for augmented reality experiences in Snapchat. Snapchat opens directly to the Camera, making it easy to create a Snap and send it to friends. Our augmented reality, or AR, capabilities within our Camera allow for creativity and self-expression. We offer millions of Lenses, created by both us and our community, along with creative tools and licensed music and audio clips, which make it easy for people to personalize and contextualize their Snaps. We also offer voice and scanning technology within our Camera. While Snaps are deleted by default to mimic real-life conversations, users can save their creativity through a searchable collection of Memories stored on both their Snapchat account and their mobile device. A user can also create Snaps on our wearable devices, Spectacles. Spectacles connect seamlessly with Snapchat and capture photos and video from a human perspective. Our latest version of Spectacles, designed for creators, overlays AR Lenses directly onto the world.
Visual Messaging: Visual Messaging is a fast, fun way to communicate with friends and family using augmented reality, video, voice, messaging, and creative tools. We also offer My AI, our AI-powered chatbot, which helps our community foster creativity and connection with friends, receive real-world recommendations, and learn more about their interests and favorite subjects. They can also communicate through our proprietary personalized avatar tool, Bitmoji, and its associated contextual stickers and images, which integrate seamlessly into both mobile devices and desktop browsers.
Snap Map: Snap Map is a live and highly personalized map that allows Snapchatters to connect with friends and explore what is going on in their local area. Snap Map makes it easy to locate nearby friends who choose to share their location, view a heatmap of recent Snaps posted to Our Story by location, and locate local businesses. Places, rich profiles of local businesses that include information such as store hours and reviews, overlay specialized experiences from select partners on top of Snap Map, and allow Snapchatters to take direct actions from Snap Map, such as sharing a favorite store, ordering takeout, or making a reservation.
Stories: Stories are a fun way to stay connected with people you care most about. Stories feature content from a Snapchatter’s friends, our community, and our content partners. Friends Stories allow our community to express themselves in narrative form through photos and videos, shown in chronological order, to their friends. The Discover section of this tab displays curated content based on a Snapchatter’s subscriptions and interests, and features news and
6
Table of Contents
entertainment from both our creator community and publisher partners. We also offer Public Profiles, as a way for our creator community and our advertising partners to memorialize and scale their content and AR Lenses on our platform.
Spotlight: Spotlight showcases the best of Snapchat, helping people discover new creators and content in a personalized way. Here we surface the most entertaining Snaps from our community all in one place, which becomes tailored to each Snapchatter over time based on their preferences and favorites. The Trending page allows Snapchatters to discover and engage with popular topics and genres.
Additionally, we offer Snapchat+, our subscription product that provides subscribers access to exclusive, experimental, and pre-release features. Snapchat+ offers a variety of features from allowing Snapchatters to customize the look and feel of their app, to giving special insights into their friendships. We also offer Snapchat for Web, a browser-based product that brings Snapchat’s signature capabilities to the web.
Our Partner Ecosystem
Many elements and features of Snapchat are enhanced by our expansive partner ecosystem that includes developers, creators, publishers, and advertisers, among others. We help them create and bring diverse content and experiences into Snapchat, leverage Snapchat capabilities in their own applications and websites, and use advertising to promote these and other experiences to our large, engaged, and differentiated user base. We seek to reward our partner ecosystem for their creativity, and continue to support them as they grow their audience and build their business on Snapchat.
